Trump began his 2024 campaign by
glorifying the failed violent
insurrectionist Insurrection at our on
our Capital the guy who claims Law and
Order SWS lawlessness and
disorder Trump's not concerned about
your future I promise you Trump is now
promising a fullscale campaign of
Revenge and retribution his
words right let's speak now to John
hendin who's in Bluebell Pennsylvania uh
this is a major sort of tone setting
speech for the Biden campaign presumably
its location was chosen pretty
carefully that's right Biden really
announced his 2024 campaign here and he
did it in Pennsylvania for very
important reasons for one thing it's a
key swing state he won by only one
percentage point last time around but he
also gave this speech right near Valley
Forge Valley Forge is where George
Washington in 177 7 camped out with
12,000 troops and that became really the
Cradle of American democracy because the
US had declared its independence from
England a year earlier but it still had
to fight to actually gain this fledgling
democracy it was trying to create and
Biden is saying that's what needs to
happen now that the US needs to fight
for democracy he will preserve it Donald
Trump won't in his words uh and that's
why it it was launched here in the state
where Biden was born and he also did it
at a key time this speech was supposed
to be given a day later on January 6 on
the 3D anniversary of those January 6
uprisings in Washington that Donald
Trump is now accused in a court case in
Washington of leading he's using this as
an example Biden is of the threat that
he says Donald Trump poses to democracy
and so if his case is going to be about
Biden as a defender of democracy and and
really setting himself against this m
major threat he describes in Trump how
convincing a campaign case do you think
that will be for the American
voters well he started out strong today
uh he spoke with volume and forcefulness
that you don't always hear out of Biden
and that's probably because he is
passionate about this subject he's told
people one of the reasons he went into
this race in 2020 was to defeat Donald
Trump and that's what he wants to do
again in 2024 even though some polls
suggest that's going to be a challenge
for him Trump has only risen in the
polls on the Republican side it's also
important to point out that neither of
these guys has won their party's
nominations that happens later in the
summer but Biden seems confident he's
got no real rival uh Donald Trump is 50
percentage points ahead of his nearest
rival in polls so Biden just jumped
ahead to the end to the general election
and made this all about Donald Trump who
he mentioned more than 30 times in his
speech all right John Hunden there in P
Pennsylvania thank you very much for
that